Who is it? Me.
Hey, Hansen. Come on in. Welcome to the
panty dropper.
[Music]
Wait, wait, wait. What do you call it?
Uh, it's the penny dropper. The penny
dropper. Why the penny dropper? Why is
it on? Just look around, man. I get it.
I get it. How long have you been living
here? I moved in whenever I was 20 years
old. So, I would say probably about
almost 3 months now. Uh, so this is a
penthouse here in Austin, Texas. We're
on floor 441. And as you can see, it's
nice and roomy. [__] And how much do
you pay on rent? How much should I pay
rent? Uh,
$10,781 a month. That's [__] crazy.
I'm 21 years old. Well, I got on our 20.
It's [__] nice. You want to take a
look? You want to tour? Sure. Let's do
it. All right. So, we'll start with the
kitchen. Just like me to take you
through a nice little walk through. I
don't know what the [__] you would call
these powders that you put into water.
So, the first powder that we have is a
powder called Element. This is basically
an electrolyte solution. I'm sure a lot
of you guys have seen it if you guys
watch Hubberman, um Chris Williamson, X
Y, and Z. Basically, it's just to put
electrolytes back into your water. If
you drink purified water or filtered
water, the issue is is that whenever the
your water goes through a filtration
process, majority of the time, not only
will it filter out the bad things, but
then also filter out the good things.
So, at that point, whenever you're
drinking purified water, you're drinking
water to take a piss, really. you're not
really hydrating yourself. So, what you
can do is you can remmineralize your
water that we still get the benefits of
the water itself and not just drink
water to drink water. So, I like to do
this every morning. This is the first
thing I'll drink in the morning. And
then you have all of my teas. Cool. And
that is your kitchen bar. And there's a
couple other cool things inside here.
For example, we got a wine cooler over
here. Come here. So, typically we'll
fill this up with some topic. Um maybe
some new tonics. Shout out Chris
Williamson. And that is spinach what I
fill this up with. Right now it's empty
cuz my [__] creative director was
holding the camera drinks all my [__]
And then the only other cool thing in
the kitchen itself outside of it just
being sick is going to be my silverware.
So if you back up a little bit, I
have gold silverware. So this comes from
a company called I think the Jazz Co.
I'm not sure. We'll throw it up on
screen in post-prouction. But I have
gold silverware. 100% an amazing
investment. But that's all I really have
in my kitchen. I don't cook very often,
so I don't have many things in here
unless my time in my kitchen. What I'll
do is I will
order food from this company here called
Snap Kitchen. So, it's a local place in
Austin. I know they have different
locations everywhere and you can order
like delivery for this in most places in
the US from my understanding, but they
have a couple stops shops in Austin and
they'll just give you
preered food that you just pretty much
open it and it will you can just
microwave for like 90 seconds. You can
eat it. It's not frozen like most um
like most meal preps. So, I like it. It
tastes good. I like to get the chicken
cartas or the steak.
I'll just pop one of those in there.
Outside of that, that's all I [__]
eat. I don't cook at all. And that is
the kitchen. So, I'll put this back in
the fridge and then I'll show you. We'll
come back to the living room. We'll go
on the left side of the apartment and
then I'll show you my master bedroom to
end it off. Sound good? Sound good?
Cool. All right. So, uh let's start
here. So, this is the entryway that you
guys saw when you guys entered the
apartment. Uh it's pretty much stuck in
here. What I want to do in the future is
right here in the time. I'm going to buy
a [__] LED sign that just says a
pennant dropper. Uh, so that'll be
something that is a future endeavor for
me. But outside of that, I mean, we
don't necessarily put anything in here.
Did we put Did you put anything in here?
No, it's just [__] empty. So, we're
not using this right now. Uh, hopefully
I might use it a little bit later,
especially during winter whenever I have
some coats in here, but it's hot as
[__] So, I don't think that that's ever
something I'm going to do, at least
during the summer time. And you have
these Shaquille O'Neal [__] cabinets
up here that I will never use, but they
give you the feeling of abundance, so
they're worth it. Then if we take
another step over here, we enter the
first door on the left side of the
apartment. This is the laundry room.
Now, for the recording of this video, uh
everything that we didn't know where the
[__] to put went in this room, so we're
going to leave this up for a mystery. Um
but yeah, basically it's just two washer
and dryers in there. And then if we take
a left into here, this is my creative
director's room. So that being said, you
want to give him a tour? Sure. So yeah,
I mean it's just a desk where I work,
uh, whiteboard to put some ideas and
then the bed to sleep. And the biggest
like the sickest thing are the views.
That's our river there. We put B- roll.
That was a weak ass [__] tour. All
right, so obviously he's moving lavish.
He got the bed, got the desk. We come in
here. He has a big ass walk-in closet
for all his clothes. He's a hype beast.
What are you wearing right now? He's
wearing represent shirt. He got some
other rude shirts, all this other [__]
So, all his clothes go in here. And if
we take another right into here, we have
his nice ass bathroom. Disgusting
towels, but nice ass bathroom. Um, you
got the limestone on the walls, big ass
mirror, walk-in [__] shower, uh,
toilet that has [__] stains on it, and
then a big ass cabinet. And that is his
room. Uh, now, why does he live here?
Number one is because I'm sexually
attracted to him. Number
two, number two is mainly because he's
my creative director and he has 20
direct reports to him. So, we have 20
Well, we have a lot of people in the
media team. Uh whether that be editors,
animators, um graphic designers, all
that good jazz. And it's really
beneficial to be able to have him here
and go knock knock. Where's this?
Where's this? Where's this? Mainly
because I am a content coach and content
is a huge portion of our company.
Therefore, having him here just kind of
speeds up the process for everything.
And obviously, I'm able to make videos
like these, which I would not record by
myself. So, that's the main reason why
he lives here outside of him being sexy.
And that is his room. So, now let's go
and take a left outside of here. And
then to the door to our left is where
the magic is
made. So, this is where I record all of
my videos. Now, uh where do I even
start? Cool. Well, let's start with the
camera. So, this is an FX3. What this
means is it's the most expensive camera
that you can buy without raising
complexity to where I can't [__] use
it. So, for example, it is the entry
line to Sony cinema cameras. The the
cameras you have above this is like the
FX6, FX9. However, they're become much
more complicated. You have to have
different memory cards, XYZ. Above my
pay grade, so I just didn't buy that.
So, this the best camera you can get
from my understanding for uh my skill
level. We have an Elgato teleprompter on
it. So, basically what this is is it's
like a a display that you can display
your scripts on. So, I have a quick
little Elgato setup. So, I have this
prompter here. I have the little stream
deck here which allows me to control the
teleprompter speed. I also have some
hotkeys up here as well. And then below
the desk, I have a pedal which allows me
to control the script, move up, move
down, or press play to where it
automatically scrolls through. And this
increases my productivity while
recording drastically. And then I'm sure
you can see behind me, I have these
little disgusting, not disgusting, they
look pretty cool. They have these audio
panels. The only reason they look
disgusting is because we haven't mounted
them on the wall. Mainly
because I don't know, I guess they're
just [__] lazy. But they're from a
company called Gick Acoustics if you're
wondering. Uh, mainly because we have
this microphone right here. This is the
MKH50, I believe. If you've watched the
Batman movie, the Arkham Knights
specifically, uh, this is what they use
for indoor dialogue movie clips.
So, uh, that's what I record the audio
on for the lighting. I'm sure you can
already see some of it. We have the
lights that are auto pulled from floor
to ceiling. So, we have this light up
here, which kind of lights the entire
scene. We have this light right here,
which lights my face. Uh, if you look in
the corner right there, you have a light
uh that kind of shoots at
the it shoots at the back of my head to
kind of create that separation. Um, and
then we have the lights to light up the
green screen to make sure the green
screen looks good. Now, why the [__] do
we have a green screen? Uh, for some of
you guys that follow me on short form or
on Instagram, you'll see some of my
videos that have like this marble
background above the green screen in the
videos. I paid a decent amount of money
to get this up here. And the guy almost
he risked his [__] life to put this
up here because we didn't he didn't
expect the ceilings to be this tall. I
mean, I think the ceilings are like 13
ft tall. But he put it up. And the
reason why I wanted to go with like the
marble theme is because I wanted like a
lighter background cuz before whenever I
was at my parents house I had a black
studio. However, whenever you have a
black studio just a pain in the ass. I
can't wear black clothing um cuz it
[__] up the shot that you're not really
separated from the background X Y and Z.
So I went towards the other extreme
which is just make it [__] white. I
[__] hated it. So, we decided to go
for a green screen because we're able to
find out a way on how to make it look
realistic with
AI. Are am I going to teach you that in
a YouTube video? [__] no. I'm giving
that for Nexus members. But it's really
[__] cool. And that's kind of the
direction that we took now. That's why
we have this big ass screen here. And
that is the overall studio. So, again,
you'll see in a lot of different rooms.
First things first, I have a Mac book
just for recording. And then I also have
the Windows computer over there. The
Windows computing over there is just for
the processing for the audio for the
MHK50. And then we have the RNET 4. So
this is a CO2 monitor. So something that
we'll start talking about a little bit
more in the living room is the
importance of air quality. So I always
like to be able to track how much CO2 is
in the room just for my own cognition to
make sure I'm operating at a high level.
With that said, I'm sure there's a bunch
of other things I can go over whenever
it comes to the studio. So, if you want
to for me to make a video just about the
studio itself, comment studio and we'll
make that. But that is a quick little
run through of our
studio. So, if we walk back out of here,
we have one more room here, and that is
the sick ass bathroom. So, this is
probably the coolest looking bathroom in
the apartment. However, it's a bathroom
that no one ever [__] uses. David has
a bathroom in his room. I have a
bathroom in my room, obviously. So, this
bathroom is kind of never utilized. I
try to utilize it every once in a while
cuz on like a square footage basis, it's
probably like 1.2K in rent. So, I like
to come in here and take a piss every
once in a while. Also, the flush. Get
this on camera. The flush is
magnificent. So, it's just like this
little button that you
push. It's pretty [__] cool. So, we
got some tissues in here. Don't know
why. Uh, I guess David was probably
crying one window. And we got some dude
wipes, which is an essential. If you
don't have dude wipes, highly recommend.
And that is the left side of the
apartment. So, now that you've gone
through the left side of the apartment,
we'll come into here and we'll begin to
look at the living
room. All right. So, for the living
room, we got a couple things. How are we
going to break this down? Okay, so first
we're going to go over this wall. What's
on this wall? Then we have my
workstation over there, which will we'll
break that down. So, first things first,
you have my favorite thing that I've
bought since I've been here is this UI
[__] robot. It's like 1,500 bucks.
So, it's a little pricey, but basically
what this robot will do is it will
basically go through the entire
apartment and not only vacuum the entire
apartment, but then also mop the entire
apartment. Now, with that said, the
entire apartment only has hardwood. So
mopping the entire apartment every
single day whenever we're at the gym,
you know, makes the apartment feel so
much cleaner. Yes. Do we have cleaners
that come every week? Yes. Blah blah
blah blah blah. This is still highly
worth it. If you have the money, I
highly recommend buying this. Makes life
so much better. Take a left over here.
We have a printer. Main reason of buying
this is just so it can print out a piece
of paper for the
video. I don't know. We don't print [__]
very often. And then you pretty much
have all the workspace stuff. So, we'll
get to that in a second. If we take
another Wait, no, actually, let's grab
this right quick. So, here is an Air
Visual Pro from IQ Air. So, what this
does is it basically shows you the
difference in between the air quality
inside versus the air quality outside
from where you live. So, as you can see,
it's currently a 17 inside and a 26
outside. And the main purpose of this is
going to be I want to ensure that my air
quality is superb because air quality is
such a big it has such a big impact in
our cognitive performance. With this
being where I work, I have pretty much
like a I have such a big importance to
make sure the air quality is good. And
what I mean by that is uh we want to
optimize for lower PM2.5s, optimize for
lower VOCC's, uh carbon dioxide, so CO2
like I mentioned previously, always want
to make sure that's as low as possible
for the best possible performance
whenever it comes to scripting and deep
work. So the purifiers of choice that
allows us to not lower CO2s, but then
everything else that I just mentioned
would be the Dyson, I think it's called
the
BP04. They're a little pricey, but as
you can see, they're cool as [__] So,
we have these all the way throughout the
apartment to make sure the air quality
is always superb and that I have the
best possible chance to do the best
possible work. And then over here, uh,
last thing about the air is going to be
this air purifier. No, not purifier,
humidifier. A
dehumidifier. I did not do much research
into Austin before I moved here. I just
wanted to move away from home. I
originally lived in Chattanooga,
Tennessee. So, now I'm in Texas Austin.
Nobody told me Austin was [__] human.
So whenever I got here, I remember like
a week in, I would just wake up every
day and my nuts
would my nuts would be sweaty as [__]
It was so humid inside and I just
couldn't have it. So this probably one
of the purchases that I made when I
first moved in was just to make sure
that I was comfortable in the apartment
and it wasn't too humid. So uh this is
the
media cube, I think what it's called,
something like that. We'll put it we'll
put the link on the screen and in the
description and then you have the magic
actually happens 2. 2.0 which is going
to be my workspace. So I'll give you
guys a quick little breakdown of what I
have here. So first things first, the
pillar of my workspace is going to be my
chair. I brought this from home and I
drove from Tennessee Chhattanooga to
Texas which is like a 14-hour drive. And
I put this in the [__] car with me to
take it here. Uh this is a Herman
Miller. I think it's called the
Aeron. Is it 10 times more expensive
than every other chair? Yes. Is it 10
times better than every other chair? No.
Uh to be honest, I think I've had a $400
chair that worked almost the same. But I
highly believe in investing into your
setup. U making sure that you feel
abundance whenever you're working. And
then also I just want the best. So
here's the Hummer Miller Aeron, but
we're going to throw that to the side
for now. All right. So what start with
the actual desk setup? Let's start with
the phones. So, I have four phones. Do I
recommend that you have four? No.
However, I do recommend you have two.
And those two being having one deep work
phone and one personal phone. And I
highly recommend that. The guy holding
the [__] camera has two phones. No,
you have three now, don't you? Yeah. I
usually use two. Yeah. Two iPads. Uh,
what is the reason for having two
iPads? There's no reason for having two
iPads. I use this iPad for work cuz it's
bigger than I use this iPad. It's an
iPad mini for reading. Mainly because
you can be in bed and you can hold the
iPad with your hand. So you still get
the feeling of this is not a phone. Like
it's like it's just made for reading.
It's like a Kindle. I have a Kindle as
well, but um I use an app called
Speechify that reads out the book to me
while I can actually read the text
itself. So I use the iPad instead of my
Kindle. Yeah, those are my electronics
that I keep on my desk. Oh. Oh. Oh. I
keep this iPad on my desk and this one
on my desk. Everything else goes into a
vault, aka a [__]
cabinet. What else? Next, we'll go over
the little accessories on my desk. So,
here is my hand sanitizer. It's by a
company named No Shinko. Basically, it's
a nice little aesthetic hand sanitizer.
You can put it in your pocket and not be
too big of a bulge. Make sure your hands
are nice and clean before you start
working. Um, outside of that, we have
our blue light blockers. So, these are
going to my nighttime blue light
blockers for melatonin production cuz
it's red, which is the lowest on the
Kelvin spectrum, lowest color on the
Kelvin spectrum. You have the gadget
glasses for blue light blockers. Do they
actually work? That's a question that uh
people debate on, but I still have them
just for aesthetics. And then, if you
look over here, we have my to-do list.
So, every single morning I wake up, I
will write down exactly what well, every
single night before I go to sleep, I'll
write down exactly what what I want to
do throughout the day with my M blanc.
And then just basically check that off
as I go through my deep work session. We
have a nice little kitchen timer here.
So, if I'm on a call, especially with a
person that paid for the call that um I
don't necessarily want to be on, I'll
set a timer for whenever the call ends.
And then um yeah, I got the MacBook or
the Apple keyboard. I have the
Logitech Apple Collab MX, whatever uh
mouse. And then I have the studio
display for my monitor. I have the
Insta3 for my webcam. And that is pretty
much my desk setup. The only other
things, my headphones that I use
whenever I do my deep work are my AirPod
Max's. Uh highly recommend these
actually. They're the most comfortable
headphones that I have. Um, I bought
have multiple pairs of these. They're
amazing and they work seamlessly with
all the other products that we have
that'll last you. I guess we have the
Dyson lamp. This is actually cool as
[__] So, Dyson lamp, uh, this bad boy,
you can do this. So, if it's late night,
you're journaling maybe. So, for
example, if we're journaling here, what
I'll do is I'll come here, late night,
no lights, and I'll just start
journaling. Bada bing, bada boom, bada
bam. If I have like an actual physical
book, I'll use this and just kind of
shine light on the physical book while
I'm reading and all that good jazz. And
it's also it just looks [__]
stuck. So overall, that is my desk
setup. Oh, wait. Almost forgot one
thing. I also got this walking pad. So I
like to get some steps in. Um I like to
look good sex. I like to look sexy naked
and they helped me achieve that. at
least in my mind. So, what you can do is
you can actually unfold it. So, it has
wheels over there so you can just wheel
it around and then whenever you have it
where you want it, it
unfolds. So, you unfold it and from
there it's just like a little treadmill
you can put on the desk and rock and
roll. Yeah, this is also a standing
desk. This is the best standing desk in
the world in my opinion. At least from
what I've bought. I've bought multiple
sanding desk in my life. This one's by
far my favorite. It is the uplift. I
think it's called V2. Has four legs, so
it's real
sturdy. Is it going to move a little bit
if you push it like that? Yeah. But are
you ever going to push it like that? No.
So, whenever you're just sitting here
and you're working, works [__]
fantastic. So, that is my desk setup.
Ready to go and take a look into my
master bedroom? Actually, no. No, no,
no. Balcony. Come on out
here. All right.
So audio quality might be a little bit
worse cuz it's windy as [__] and it's
loud. Go ahead back in my
concern. And
then now I'm actually better yet. We
have the equipment room over here. Is my
hair [__] up?
No. So we have this equipment room in
here. Um it looks
unorganized. It is unorganized, but this
work for all the equipment. Um, I was
taking a walk this morning and I found a
good souvenir. I don't know. There was
this Doberman
and this is going to be for a video. I
have all the props here. So, for
example, of course, you have all the
equipment shipped, but then I also have
a bunch of props. Uh, prop being the
piece of [__] a prop being the big ass
pencil for scripting and all that good
jazz. So, yeah, this is where we keep
all the equipment and all the [__] that
we don't use. And that is the equipment
room, which leaves us with the last, but
for damn sure not least, the master
bedroom. This is my bedroom. As you can
see, it's nice, not empty, but then also
not full. Main purpose for this is just
going to be sleep. I don't want to do
anything in here except for sleep. You
can see there's no TV. We don't have a
TV in the apartment. There's no nothing.
Uh only purpose for this room is going
to be optimize for sleep. So, a couple
of things that we do for to optimize for
sleep is going to be first things first,
we have my alarm clock. So, this is a
clock from a company called Hatch.
Basically, it's a sunrise alarm to where
it basically imitates the sun and will
shine lights in my eyes along with a
little bit of sound uh to wake me up.
So, I have to get up out of bed, come
over here and turn this off. So, this is
what wakes me up in the morning if I
don't automatically wake up from the sun
through the big ass windows. And then
for sleep, I do a couple of things. So,
if you open up this bad boy, what you'll
find is you'll find two things inside
this cabinet. Number one is going to be
supplements for sleep from a company
called Momentous. Is it expensive? Yes.
But is it convenient to [__] Also, yes.
So, if you know anything about sleep
supplements, you only have to take three
primarily. One is Apogen, the second one
is elenium, and the third one is
magnesium. The problem is is that's
whenever you buy through different
containers, you have to unscrew each
one, unscrew, unscrew, get the right get
the right serving size, and then take
them uh for Momentous. So, I just have
like just a quick little pouch. You open
it, pop them in your mouth, grab your
water, and you down it. And it's really
convenient. So, we have the sweet pouch
here, and then we also have mouth tape.
Um, this mouth tape is I don't know. I
think it's called Gorilla mouth tape.
Main purpose of this is that it is
[__] big, cuz my lips are [__]
big. Normal mouth tape does not cover my
mouth and they always fall off. So, I
got this special big mouth tape that is
[__] huge and doesn't fall off. And
that's what I do for sleep. Outside of
that, it's just a normal [__] Uh my
normal cover is currently in the wash.
So, I have this quick little blanket and
then the sheets are all organic. It's
organic. I guess it's semi organic uh
with it being bamboo, but it's all
really high quality sheets. That's
pretty much all that's in here. Okay, so
the bathroom, as you see, nice as [__]
Nice and it's [__] big. We have the
his and hers here on the left hand side.
Uh on the bathroom cover, we have
organic cotton towels from a company
named Let's see if I can get it for you.
It's Bana. B A I N A. Uh it's an
expensive [__] It's an expensive
[__] towel, but they're organic.
They're nice. They look good. So I love
them. Got the electric toothbrush.
Um, yeah. I don't know how far how deep
I'm going to go into this. A Soap, it's
my favorite soap brand. Uh, Thera Breath
for mouthwash. We got some moisturizer.
We have some more skin [__] in the
cabinets here for vitamins. I have been
a person that's paid 10K for a
performance coach and they will create
the personalized supplementation, all
that good jazz. And I kind of just kind
of reversed the mean over time to where
it just came to what is going to give me
like the biggest bang for my buck. And
those three vitamins are going to be
zinc, vitamin 3, and then omega3. I ran
out of omega3 this morning, so I have to
order some more. But these only vitamins
I take outside of my supplements out
there. I got some bald deodorant. So
whenever you're going to go for a run or
you know it's going to be a hot day, you
know what I'm saying?
Make sure you're stacked up. We got
Juice World, of course, the best artist
to ever live. Um, and it's pretty much
the overall sink. Is that
really the
Is that really about you? That's pretty.
I mean, I like to say fresh. Here we
have my Apple Watch, AirPod, AirPods,
Manscaped to shave the nuts, uh fillers
to shave the face, and that's the
overall
uh sinks. Over here we have the bathtub.
I can't say use the bathtub unless we
have company over, but uh it's cool.
It's freestanding. I got some bath bombs
over there. Amazing. Um got the walk-in
shower. So, walk in. If you're old, you
can take a seat if you need to. Uh, it's
cool. Just a bathroom or just a shower.
In here, you have a place to
[__] So, the only purpose of this room
is just to [__] I don't like it. I
don't like it in the [__] slightest
because you'll be in here and you'll
close the door, but then you start
getting like scared that someone's out
here and you'll never know. And you got
your pants down. I don't know. I just
don't like it. So, I don't use I use
that quite often, but I'll always keep
the door open whenever I do use it. And
if we take a look into here, this is my
walk-in
closet. Probably my favorite part of the
apartment. So, we'll start over here.
First things first, we got the shoes. We
got the shoe line. So, I have a lot of
expensive shoes. I like shoes. Do I wear
them? No. But do I like them? Yes. So,
here's my Travis's. So, I don't know the
names of the Travis. I just like them.
So, you get a bunch of different kinds
of Travis and different colorways. Below
that, you have my nice shoes and my
glout shoes if I'm going somewhere nice.
Uh, we got the all-white arrogos. We
have these grandpa shoes from Orleene, I
think it's pronounced. And then we have
the Birkenstocks, which is a summer
essential. Below that, you got my
favorite shoes of all time, which are
going to be Golden Goosees for a lot of
reasons. So, we have all different
types. You got the Ball Stars, we got
the
superstars. It's just like the normal
pair. And if you come here for a second,
what you notice is the special pair
right here. What does it say right
there? Limited edition LTD limited
edition. And what's the number? Um
three. It's okay. I know it's in
English, so it's hard to say.
306. There you go. 306. So only 306 of
these were made. These probably my
favorite golden goosees that I have. Um
now, why do I like Golden Goosees so
much? If you don't know what these are,
basically they came like this. I'm not a
person that goes out very often. I don't
skates or anything like that. You buy
them dirty and they're extremely
expensive. Not too too bad, but they're
500 bucks and they come dirty. And a lot
of people are like, "Why the [__] would
you ever buy dirty shoes?" I have a
reason for that. So, if you look at this
shoe versus if you look at this shoe,
you can visually see that these have
never been worn. And that's because
that's true. These have never been worn.
These are $1,000 pairs of shoes. And the
reason why I don't wear them is
cuz number one, they're not as
versatile. But then also number two, you
just don't want to crease them. You want
to get them dirty. You just they're just
a pain in the ass cuz you want to shoot
them nice. You know what I mean? But if
they already come pre- dirty, then you
don't feel bad about getting them dirty.
You don't feel bad about wearing them.
So that's why I like these shoes so much
is because they're still a statement as
in, you know, they do cost money.
However, it's like if you know, you
know. You know what I mean? And if you
don't know, you think that they're cheap
shoes cuz they do look cheap. They look
like [__] bowling shoes, but I
[__] love them. So, those are my
goosees. Below this, you got some shoes
from high school, some Adidases, some
Vivo barefoots, which are shoes that you
wear uh to imitate as if you're barefoot
to work the muscles in your feet. Do I
ever wear these? No, cuz they look kind
of [__] weird. Uh you don't look cool
wearing these, but uh I have them in
case I ever want to work on my feet. And
below here, got some boxing shoes, got
some running shoes that are perfectly
fitting to my foot shape. And we got
some Yeezy slides along with the ones
that I'm wearing right now. And that's
my shoe
stack. Cool. Uh, next we have, you know,
of course, we got the Ramovas. I'm
missing a [__] wheel. Uh, I came back
to Austin, so I went back to my hometown
for my mom's birthday, and I realized
very [__] quickly that they did not
give a [__] about taking care of my
mothers. So, I'm missing a well. I have
to go get that fixed. And those are my
clothes that I have here in Austin. Then
the rest of the closets are obviously
used for
clothing. So, for clothing, I got a
bunch of [__] over here. All the hanged
up [__] Uh, basically everything on
this row is going to be active wear or
active jackets. So, you know, Represent
247, Lululemon, Gym Shark, all that good
jazz. Here, I hung up a couple things
like my cashmere rude hoodie essentials,
all that good jazz. I've hung up
everything. If you look over here,
you'll just see like I I threw
everything over there. Mainly because
I'll never wear it. Um at least in
Austin cuz it's hot as [__] So, I have
like a bunch of cashmere [__] Like this
is a cashmere sweater from Luca Filon.
One of my favorite uh places to buy
clothes. However, again, I'm in [__]
Austin, so I just don't have a
opportunity to wear [__] like this. So,
I threw it off to the side. I'll
probably organize that a little bit
later. But that's that's over there. And
then you have all of my casual clothing
here. I can't say I wear any of this.
Um, the main thing that I'll wear
throughout the on on a daily basis is
going to be these shirts. So, the shirt
that I'm wearing right now, I'm not
going to tell you the name cuz I'm
gatekeeping, but I'll wear either the
athletic version of this shirt, which is
like the polyester, or I will wear the
organic cotton version of this shirt.
And I that's pretty much it. That's
pretty much all I wear. Like I have
shirts that are hella expensive. For
example, this shirt right here. I have a
bunch of rude [__] It's probably like a
$300 shirt. I might wear it once a
month. Uh or any shirt for that matter
that's here. Maybe once a month, but uh
yeah, I like to keep it simple. And then
we have the Lululemon shorts. So, I have
a bunch I have a shitload of Lululemon
shorts. I need to wash a lot of them.
So, you're not getting the full picture,
but even the shorts I'm wearing right
now, just black Lululemon shorts. All of
these are Lululemon shorts and gay
colors and that's what I wear unless I'm
running. If I'm running, I will wear
these 3inch Gym Shark shorts. These are
my favorite. And that is my clothing. We
got that for my sock drawer, underwear.
But let's get past that. And that is the
panty dropper. Okay. Okay. All of that
just for 10k a month. I mean, yeah.
Well, I mean, we also have really cool
amenities, too. You want to see those?
Sure. Cool. Come on. All
right, so had to take a quick little
pause real quick. Had to reply to all of
the wins inside Nexus. For example, Mr.
Stefan with this small win. As he says,
this is his first video on Nexus and he
got 80K views because 100K views now.
So, I just want to go ahead and go
through these with some comments and do
some video reviews. But now, let's go
and get back to the apartment tour. All
right. So, it's 10:54, so I'm going to
be a little bit more cl more quiet.
Let's just go ahead and go down to the
12th
floor. So, on the 12th floor, we have a
couple cool things which I'll show you
guys, but we got the gym. We got the
sauna, pool, I mean game room. Um, but
yeah, also a pool. By pool, I mean on
the [__] table, but we actually have
a pool. It's heated during the winter
time and um cooled during the summer.
So, that's cool. Let's go and hop
in. All right. So, out that door we have
the we have the pool. Um, it's awkward
cuz people are in here. Uh, you look to
the left of us, we have a game room
there. So, in the game lounge, they have
pool table. Um, golf simulator, all the
other rich people
[__] If you come in here, do you want
anything from marketplace?
Cool. So, if we come in here, uh, it's
basically like a little grocery store.
So, we got here, I'll walk you guys over
here. Over here, you got some more
snacks. Got some chips. Got some drinks.
Um, here are some frozen dinners like
hot pockets. Got the uh frozen pizzas,
energy drinks, and protein drinks. So,
like a jazz. Then you typically get the
candy [__] here and the more healthy
[__] above that. And then it's just a
pay, what is it? What is that called?
It's like a not a buddy system, but like
a trust system. Yeah. Yeah, I can trust
this one. So, you just come here, tap to
pay, and you leave. And that is the
marketplace. And there you have the club
lounge, which is
basically a media room, if you will. So,
as you can see, they got a big ass TV.
You can watch some TV in there. And then
the only other thing on the 12th floor
is going to be the gym and the sauna.
And then last but not least, you have
the gym in here. And then you also have
a spa here. So, we'll check both of
those
[Music]
out. Is it
empty? Thank [__] god it's empty. All
right, so I'll give you guys a quick
little gym tour. So, we got all the cool
machines. They're all Techno Gym. If you
don't know what Techny is, I think it's
an Italian brand.
It's an Italian home gym brand. That's a
luxury brand if I'm not mistaken. So,
all this [__] is mad expensive. You got
chest press. We got some rows machines,
uh, leg extensions and leg curls, leg
press. We got a rowing machine, some
ellipticals, treadmills,
um, sprinter contraption, bikes, stair
master. Uh, we got cables here. We got
some benches with some dumbbells that go
up to 75 lbs. Um, I believe so. We got
the barbells. Then we also have a Smith
machine. Then in here, uh, if you warm
up before you work out like a crazy
person, you go in there and you can do
some yoga. And that is that. Then if we
take a step over here, then we can enter
the spa
room. Hopefully there's no naked people
in the [__] sauna.
There's naked people in this sauna. So,
basically in the spa room, we have two
No, we have a sauna, we have a steam
room, and then we also have What's going
on? How's it
going? That guy was sexy. We have a
steam room, we have a sauna, and there's
two coal pledges outside as well. And
that is the 12th floor. So, now we'll go
up to the top floor, which are the
officers and sky lounge. So, I'll see
you guys there. All right. And here is
the 43rd floor. So on the 43rd floor,
this is pretty much the office space. So
there's the restrooms. Let's go ahead
and come
inside. All right. So here is where
people work in the morning. So this is
the community office space. You can see
there's a bunch of different cubicles.
Got monitors. Uh you can plug up your
MacBook to it. It's amazing. You have
this little row of desk here to where in
the daytime it looks [__] sick cuz
you can just look out to the river, look
out to all of the moving cars. It's not
New York, but it definitely still you
definitely still feel like the city is
always alive just cuz we're here at that
number one highway. Um, in here it's my
favorite room to work in. It's the
conference room. It's [__] big. Also,
on top of
that, cameraman's looking at me like,
"What the fuck?" I love this [__] and I
think it's cool as [__] Anyways, uh
this is the general office space. If you
look and come into here, you'll see it's
more of like a lounge office area to
where people work. More relaxed, not so
cubiclesque. So, left hand side there,
we have more desk. Over here, it's more
like a like a lounge area. And then, of
course, you have these chairs. I've
never seen anyone sit in these [__]
chairs. And then you have the individual
offices. So, for example, let's say you
don't want to work in your apartment.
and you're like,
"Uh, I'm kind of getting tired of
working in my apartment and I want to
come up and kind of change environment
and come to one of these offices. It's
soundproofed so you can just close the
store, take meetings." Of course, they
have a sick ass view over here as well
cuz you're looking out to the river
again in the daytime. You can see it.
Right now, it's black. Um, if I want to
come in here whenever David's on here,
sit down in this chair, [__] with David.
Where's the projects? Blah blah blah.
get up, walk out, and then
um yeah, everything else over here is
just going to be the overall offices and
individual offices. And then the last
thing from this apartment tour is going
to be the sky
terrace. All right, come on
out. All right, so this is the sky
terrace. One of the cooler parts of the
apartment. I can't say that I come up
here very often because I live one floor
below this. I'm pretty sure not right
here. We're actually on the other
corner. So, we're on the further corner
on the left hand side with the
elevators. No, not with the elevators.
We're on the other side, but we're just
one floor down from this. So, the views
are quite similar, but uh overall it's
cool place to be. Uh you can see all of
Austin. Well, not right here. Over you
can see all of Austin right over here.
And you can see all the skyrises and all
that good jazz. And then right here in
the middle of where we're standing, you
can see the river, which is [__] sick
during the day. So yeah, overall sick uh
views. I'm starting to wish that I come
up here a little bit more, but that is
pretty much the panty dropper, or at
least the amenities of the panty dropper
in a nutshell. [__] everything is nice.
How do you feel being a 21-year-old
living in a dream penthouse?
How do I feel being a 21-year-old living
in a dream penthouse?
So, the real situation is is that this
is the third time of me recording this.
Um, my videographer basically told me in
my first two answers, you're too cocky.
But, I'm not going to sit here and just
change my answers and lie uh how I feel
about it. I don't feel excitement. I
don't
feel out of place. I don't feel anything
other than it is what I worked for. Um,
I spent a lot of time to be able to do
the things that I've done. And of
course, I've been blessed. Of course,
I've been lucky. Of course, there's been
a lot of things that have led to me
getting here that's not just me, whether
it be my amazing team, whether it be um
even my parents giving me a good deck of
cards growing up. But um whenever it
comes down to how do I feel, I
definitely don't feel like holy [__]
there's no [__] way. It's like
there's a [__] way. I spent a lot of
time finding the [__] way and working
to get to the [__] way. And now that
I'm here, or at least I'm I'm not I
don't I don't think I'm here. Of course,
there's other places I want to go. Of
course, this is just the beginning. But
um now that I was where I wanted to be
and now that I'm on the new mountain,
I'm seeing other mountains that I want
to climb as well. Um so, how do I feel?
Do I feel like holy [__] I made it? No.
Not not a little bit in the slightest,
but does it feel good and do I feel like
I achieved what I set out to achieve?
Yes. But do I feel out of place now? Um,
this feel it feels I feel gratitude for
where I am, but do I feel out of place
from where I am now?
Cool. Hopefully that's the answer you're
looking for. That's what I was looking
for. So, what's next from here then?
What's next? Number one, I want to do
more things like this. I'm sure you guys
are starting to notice. I don't do this
very often, the unscripted [__]
typically. Um, I have a really, really
huge fear of wasting your guys' time,
especially because my audience, I've
tried to build it to where it's mostly
business owners. And of course, the
number one asset that you
guys or the number one resource you guys
value is going to be your time. So, to
go unscripted definitely puts a little
bit more uncomfortable, but I know it's
what you at least what some of you guys
are looking for. So, I definitely want
to do more content like this. What's
next for me as a person um my main goal
is just to get better at my craft. Um
one saying that we own or one saying
that we echo within the company is that
we own the finish line and the concept
behind that is that we are no longer in
the race but more so we are setting the
standard of what other people try to
achieve. So my main goal for the next
year is just going to be exceeding and
raising that standard and moving the
finish line for others to follow. But
that would be my short answer is just to
raise the finish line. you know, to push
the finish line further and do bigger
things. But for the next year, I'm stuck
in this [__] lease. So, that's where
I'll be. Uh, so hopefully you guys
enjoyed this and hopefully you guys
enjoyed my home. I look forward to
seeing you guys in my next video. Until
then, subscribe for more